Use case diagram (#118)
SW709E19/Report: report/PartProblemDomain/ChapterUsecase/UsecaseDiagram.tex

> This section describes the use case diagram, shown in Figure \ref{fig:usecasefigure}, which shows which actors have what tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the workflow of the problem domain through a use case diagram, shown in Figure \ref{fig:usecasefigure}. The use case diagram shows the actors, the actions and the relation between them.
```

> It will also describe the workflow associated with each of the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> \begin{figure}[H]

Reviewer: Er det lavet med UML i tankerne? Hvis det er, så skal du lige tjekke op på notationen i forhold til boxe. Du må også gerne tilføje i caption hvis det er UML.

Author: Det er lavet som use case diagrammet beskrevet i bogen Morten havde med

Reviewer: Okay, men det kan godt være vi skal passe på med at bruge firkanter, med mindre det er en defineret ting i bogen.

	\centering 
	\includegraphics[width=0.6\textwidth]{PartProblemDomain/ChapterUsecase/images/usecasediagram.png}

> 	\caption{Use case diagram showing }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\caption{Use case diagram showing the actors, the actions and the relation between them.}
```

	\label{fig:usecasefigure}
\end{figure}

> When a factory decides they want to do predict maintenance on their machines, they will make contact with a consultant company such as Neurospace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a manufacturing company decides that they want to utilize predictive maintenance on their machines, they will  contact a consultancy such as Neurospace.
```

> The consultant company will then have their System architect configure devices to fit the needs for the machines in the factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consultancy will then have their System architect configure devices to fit the needs for the machines in the factory.
```

> After this, the Installer and System architect will go to the factory and install the devices on the machines and do final configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, the System architect will hand over the devices to the Installer who then installs the devices on the machines in the factory.
```

> After the installation is complete they will instruct the Maintenance responsible how to maintain the devices, such as changing batteries and how to use the dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete will the Maintenance responsible be instructed in how to maintain the devices, such as changing batteries and how to use the dashboard. 
```

> When the devices are set up, they will start sending data for the Data analyst to look at to predict maintenance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the devices are set up, they will start sending data for the Data analyst to use for predictive maintenance. 
```

> The data will also be used to show information about the devices on the dashboard.

Reviewer: Im not sure this makes sense. Do you mean that the data will be displayed in the dashboard?

Author: We will have graphs in the frontend showing the data from the devices, but I can see what you mean, maybe rewrite it like this:
```suggestion
The data will be shown in the frontend, to indicate that the sensors are collecting data, and if it is correct.
```

Reviewer: Jep. Måske bare uden "and if it is correct"

Author: Det står der ikke mere

> The IT security responsible needs to keep the factory network secure, and may not allow devices connect through their connection, but should be involved in setting up the independent network, so it won't interfere with the existing network in any way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IT security responsible needs to keep the factory network secure and may not allow devices to connect through their network, but should be involved in setting up the independent network, so it won't interfere with the existing network in any way. 
```

> The IT security responsible needs to keep the factory network secure, and may not allow devices connect through their connection, but should be involved in setting up the independent network, so it won't interfere with the existing network in any way. 

Reviewer: Jeg synes ikke "IT security responsible" passer så godt ind. Men det er måske fordi du både forklare workflowet og diagrammet på samme tid. Det kunne måske have været en fordel hvis du delte de to emner op, således at du har en section til problem domain workflow, hvor du forklare hvordan det hele fungere, og et andet afsnit til diagrammet.

Author: Jeg kan godt prøve at skrive det om

> When the data analyst has enough data to predict maintenance, then the maintenance responsible can use this data, to better maintain the machines. 

Reviewer: This is not really the case. The maintenance responsible will not use the data. And I think there are some steps before they can "better maintain the machines".

Author: Det er rigtigt nok, Jeg skriver det lige om

This section describes the workflow of the problem domain through a use case diagram, shown in Figure \ref{fig:usecasefigure}. The use case diagram shows the actors, the actions and the relation between them.

\subsection{use case diagram}
\begin{figure}[H]
	\centering 
	\includegraphics[width=0.6\textwidth]{PartProblemDomain/ChapterUsecase/images/usecasediagram.png}
	\caption{Use case diagram showing the actors, the actions and the relation between them.}
	\label{fig:usecasefigure}
\end{figure}

Figure \ref{fig:usecasefigure} shows a use case diagram, and shows which actors are involved in what tasks and how they overlap.

> On the left are the actors working at the manufacturing company are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the left are the actors working at the manufacturing company shown.
```

In the middle are all the tasks that the actors are related to.

> On the right are the actors working for the consultant company are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right are the actors working for the consultant company shown.
```

The arrows associate actors and tasks. 

\subsection{Workflow}
When a manufacturing company decides that they want to utilize predictive maintenance on their machines, they will contact a consultancy such as Neurospace.

The \textbf{System architect} will start configuring sensor devices and gateways, to fit the manufacturing company's machines.

> When this is done the \textbf{Installer} and \textbf{System architect} will go to the manufacturing company and install the sensor devices and gateways, and do final on-site configuration. 

Reviewer: Hvorfor synes du at system architect skal med ud til virksomheden for at installere devices? Og hvilken onsite configuration er det du tænker på?

Author: Det var en del af det feedback jeg fik på use case diagrammet. Folk syntes at system arkitekten var en del af installations processen

Author: ```suggestion
When this is done the \textbf{Installer} will go to the manufacturing company and install the sensor devices and gateways, and do final on-site configuration. 
```

> After the installation is complete they will instruct the \textbf{Maintenance responsible} how to maintain the devices, such as changing batteries and how to use the dashboard. 

Author: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete, the installer will instruct the \textbf{Maintenance responsible} how to maintain the devices, such as changing batteries and how to use the dashboard. 
```
